Drugulin font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright 2003 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and punctuation
contained in the Drugulin font family are part of Nimbus Roman No9 L font
family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design &
Development. All rights reserved.

Ktav Yad font family is copyright 2003 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il). All rights reserved.

Caladings collection is copyright 2003 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il). All rights reserved.

Digital version of Aharoni font family (Hebrew glyphs, numerals and part
of punctuation) is copyright 2002,2003 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and part of punctuation
contained in the Aharoni font family are part of URW Gothic L font family
and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design & Development.
All rights reserved.

Digital version of David font family (Hebrew glyphs, numerals and part of
punctuation) is copyright 2002,2003 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il). Latin glyphs and part of punctuation
contained in the David font family are part of Bitstream Charter font
family and are copyright 1990 as an unpublished work by Bitstream Inc. All
rights reserved. See also file LICENSE-BITSTREAM.

Frank-Ruehl font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright 2002,2003 by Maxim
Iorsh (iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and punctuation
contained in the Frank-Ruehl font family are part of Century Schoolbook L
font family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design &
Development. All rights reserved.

Nachlieli font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright 2002,2003 by Maxim
Iorsh (iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and punctuation
contained in the Nachlieli font family are part of Nimbus Sans L font
family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design &
Development. All rights reserved.

Miriam Mono font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright 2002,2003 by Maxim
Iorsh (iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and punctuation
contained in the Nachlieli font family are part of Nimbus Mono L font
family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design &
Development. All rights reserved.

This package is distributed under the terms of GNU General Public License
version 2 (see file GNU-GPL).
